# project-1thomas
Thomas Tyte.
  This project shows the overall skills of basic web-page development that I have obtained from the UTK Quickstart Bootcamp program. In this page you will see HTML and CSS with an addition of Bootstrap included. Using the skills I have obtained through modules videos and class lessons, I have put together a website with three separate pages; all for the purpose of expressing HTML and CSS coding, and also my creativity. Knowing that one day I could use these skills for freelance work in the future I designed a page that was inspired by a person I know who opened his own Barbershop. With code, time, and determination I have put together this web-page to express something I would like to do for freelance work, which is creating websites with good layouts and functions that help consumers purchase goods and request services from employers. In this project you will see a home page, a contact page, and a products page. These web-pages all work together to ensure that when clients want to request a service or buy a product they know that they are choosing a reliable service.
  Starting with the Home Page, you will notice at the top of the page there is a Nav Bar. This Nav Bar is designed in a way that you can navigate throughout the entirety of the website simply by being at the top of the page. It gives easier access to the user for navigation throughout the website. This home page has styles that are designed to capture the essence of barbershop with clean and calm colors. I have included a carousel located in the body of the page, which displays pictures related to services that are provided from most local barbershops in my area. This Carousel includes 3 pictures of barbershop related images, but could be replaced with three the relevant images or more. I have added a list of the services which would be offered from the business, with prices included to let consumers know the cost of service for the services being requested, along with general information pertaining to the business's name and mission. Closer to the bottom of the home page you will see a video. This video was taken from Youtube. It has been adjusted and styled to fit centered in the position it lies. At the bottom of the page I have sectioned off a footer element with links to various social media web-pages. These links could take consumers to other places relevant to the websites I create.
  Second, I have my " Booking page" which I will refer to as the contact page. In this page we have the same Nav Bar from the home page which executes the same functions as the home page's version. This page is simplistic but effective. It offers the viewer the ability to submit a form with their name, phone number and email address. This web-page also asks for specific information about the requested service using buttons and selector items to help clarify the requested services with a time frame in mind, and a meter scaling from 1-10 to infer the urgency of the requested service. This page has been modified so that when the information is submitted a request for an email to be sent appears. The email is sent to my personal email displaying the submitted information.
  Lastly, we have the products page. This website was designed in a way that could simply show products that were offered by a business including hair gels, sprays, combs and shampoos. To add to the feeling of an actual barbershop's web-page I thought it would only be fair to include this page which has pictures and prices of various listed products.
  HTML, CSS, and Bootstrap were all needed to make this web-page.
  I would like to change three functions about this web-page the first that I would change is the ability to use multiple carousels. I think this Bootstrap feature is very cool and could be useful for displaying relevant information and good pictures specifically for the type of business I presented with this project. The second idea for improvement I would add would be a search bar. Something that could pin-point information throughout the page and also help with navigation. The third change I would make to this page would be an actual submission form that could accept payments on the page, including credit card forms that are secured. I feel that this could help promote business and secure funds for employers who are distributing products and services.
